# CSC-550-Fundamentals-of-Mobile-Apps-Dev
Fall 2025

Zachary Mercado 

Performance Considerations:
The clicker game I have created is highly intensive and at first I was not handling rerenders very well. Each time you click the score and number of taps has to be incremented causing a lot of rerenders to occur. This could be a problem because it can make the app unusable. While I was working on my app, sometimes it would crash due to the amount of rerenders happening behind the scenes. I also used React DevTools profilier to see the effects that rerenders were having on my app. Due to the fact that I could not work on my app since it was crashing, I had to implement some performance enhancements. The ways I did this was to make all my functions callback functions, this would mean that the functions wouldn't be constantly being reinitialized each time and instead only when certain variables had been changed. I also added memoization on my arrays so that they wouldn't be initialized every render as well but instead only when a variable inside them had changed. This helped performance a lot and I have not crashed since implementing these features. I definitely think I could improve it more but I was having trouble implementing it. I was trying to implement memoization inside the elements of the app itself but I couldn't get this to work. For example, I was trying to make it so that the elements in the app would not render unless score was changed. However, since score is changing all the time anyways when you're clicking, this may not be too helpful in the long run.
